Chloe Lannert: Right recording is kicked off.
Chloe Lannert: So for a little bit of background, Brent was my 1st boss.
Chloe Lannert: so it's always a delight to have him back. You guys met him during send it in killer updates. But a lot of this talk like I got to be a very, very small part of. So this is one of my favorites.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You might want to kill the sound play. Just so. Okay, he's he's going.
Chloe Lannert: Thank you.
Chloe Lannert: But Brent goes through a list of things he tried.
Chloe Lannert: and that was the entirety of my cold calling experience. So I've hinted to to a few of you that I've I've done it, but Brent has a really good script. And I'll I'll pass it over.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He said, please hold cool.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Well, I can. Okay. I was gonna stop for you, Brent. I was gonna.
Brent Hasse: We met
Brent Hasse: filibuster needed. So yeah, we we could jump in great to see you all again. I know I've chatted with a couple of you in between this. So thank you for reaching out. And yeah, today, gonna go through a little bit of our kind of journey to still finding product market fit, but just the the journey, the ebbs and flows in addition to kind of tying that in here, with fundraising and the highs, the lows mental side to it.
Brent Hasse: And truly can sit here and say,
Brent Hasse: how excited I am, for where our business is at, and how 3 years ago, 2 years ago, one year ago, kind of the the ups and downs of it. And it doesn't mean that we're.
Brent Hasse: you know, a billion dollar company. It's just the kind of the the internalizing of what's good. What's bad there is no good, there is no bad, and it's just trying to like, continue on within the process here. So gonna switch a little bit here, can you see the screen?
Brent Hasse: Perfect? Yeah.
Brent Hasse: so there's something a little different, I added. I I read this in this 1st quarter actually included in my investor update here.
Brent Hasse: It's a book called Endurance, and
Brent Hasse: it's about this explorer, Shackleton, who it was like World War. One times was actually an explorer who went across. He went across Antarctica. It's like 18,000 miles something like that, and he recruited 26 men to go do this with him.
Brent Hasse: So it's an old wooden ship. It's a couple of years after the Titanic, and just want to go and explore. So that's kind of what we are, as founders is. Explorers are trying to go do something, and it's crazy how much this story resonated with me as a founder as far as trying to find product market fit in and also fundraising. So got this recommendation from another founder quickly. I'll go 60 seconds here, kind of give you the rundown.
Brent Hasse: and he recruits 26 people to come on this excursion with them that's like us trying to recruit more people to come work with us. They're going through it. The ship gets stuck in ice.
Brent Hasse: They're in the middle of nowhere. And the ice keeps crushing and crushing. This pressure keeps building on this ship for months. They have nothing they can do. They're just stuck and basically waiting to die. So eventually the ship gets crushed.
Brent Hasse: They have to go use these lifeboats. But again, it's all frozen. So they're pulling these lifeboats, and the team gets split up. Some of them go off to this other island. Some of them here stay in place, and I could really dive a lot deeper into the story.
Brent Hasse: But really, what happens in in the analogy here with with your startup is you kind of have your core group and your core idea of what you're going on. But all these external factors
Brent Hasse: could put a stranglehold on you, and what you need to do, and you need to be able to adapt and change and take risk. And sometimes you get yourself. You know. Some people say this is the luckiest people on earth.
Brent Hasse: I would put it slightly different where there is a lot of luck in this story, because I don't want to ruin it for people who want to read this but eventually, you know, it is lucky. But these people put themselves in a position to get lucky, and you have to understand that there are things outside of your control
Brent Hasse: fully. Fully accept that and just put yourself in that position to get lucky. So highly recommend this book. Maybe I'll dive into a little bit more if you have some time here. But I'll get into flat of really what we do
Brent Hasse: at Flat, and where we started into techstars
Brent Hasse: throughout techstars and where we're at now. So when we started, we are a direct to consumer business model. Neil was a customer, and we had a thing about as an oil change for your house. We'd send a 1099 handy person to your house. They would do maintenance and repairs so kind of conduct an assessment. But then also replace your Hvac filter and stuff like that.
Brent Hasse: So that's the business we had. Our thesis is we're going to be able to change the way homeowners manage their asset. So we come through. We do maintenance. We give you a wellness report. You eventually book repairs because we're telling you what's wrong. And then we're able to kind of go through this full cycle here of a homeowner. And again, this is all hypothesis, and we started validating some of this through these early stages. We got up to
Brent Hasse: 50. Then, you know, a hundred customers on the platform, and
Brent Hasse: everyone we talked to that positive validation, positive validation. Yes, we. We want this talk to all these real estate agents. Oh, my gosh! You know I cold called, let's say, 10,
Brent Hasse: 5, those 1st 10 cold calls. We're gonna provide this every single one of our customers. We do 500 transactions a year. So I'm doing the math, I'm you know, doing my financial modeling. And this is gonna I'm gonna retire. Basically, this is gonna be a beautiful business but then it gets a little interesting here of kind of what we learn and and what we're going through to actually learn what people want. And it took a much different turn.
Brent Hasse: So something else that we, some of you, I think I talked about this, and even when we 1st spoke was
Brent Hasse: kind of looking at the business and and trying to price it and try to figure it out. This was our initial pricing and another founder told me, which makes all sense in the world.
Brent Hasse: no matter what price you have. It's wrong. You know, economics. Kinda they need to make sense generally. But besides, that kind of just keep pushing and keep going forward with it. So this is what we went into with. And again, some positive validation. We learned that actually, bathrooms are actually one of the biggest indicators of time we take to get on the job site how many smoke detectors they have, which also indicates where the home was built, so we kind of had this quick feedback loop, and then started adjusting our pricing accordingly.
Brent Hasse: And then we
Brent Hasse: just got kind of stuck, so went through techstars. And one of the biggest things that we we learned was kind of this learning and iterating and and pushing through one of the big things, even in my tech stars pitch to get in, I said. You know, reverse mortgage companies are gonna be that's who we that's an ideal customer because the bank owns the home. It's elderly people who live there. They don't maintain it. The bank has all the risk. So you know.
Brent Hasse: part of our cohort challenged us like, All right. Well, why haven't you expanded so? Went on Linkedin, cold. Linkedin reached out to people.
Brent Hasse: and throughout these conversations I really learned that the reverse mortgage companies have 0 risk associated with it. Everything is backed by the Federal Government. So a reverse mortgage is, I own, my home outright, but I have a fixed income. I'm elderly. So the mortgage company actually pays me, and I become the bank. To a certain extent. I get money each month, and then they own it after X number of years.
Brent Hasse: So
Brent Hasse: we quickly were able to learn like, that's actually not where we need to be so I'm gonna go through right now and kind of list off all the different
Brent Hasse: areas that we've tried and failed and iterated on
Brent Hasse: this can be. I've I've added a couple to this list, and you'll hear my story here of actually how we come back to these businesses. And there is businesses within this that we tried and failed 3 years ago, and is now, you know, 90% of our business. And it's all changed because we had a different distribution, and we had a different value of really the job that we're doing. You know the job to be done, which you all know.
Brent Hasse: And it just came at a different point, and we're explained in a different way.
Brent Hasse: Neil. I saw you come up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Brent Brent. Yeah, I gotta. I gotta unmute on this part. This is my favorite slide. This is, I think, one of the most important slides. I really want to slow this down.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I really. I remember when I 1st saw him present this, I think it was at one of my Kellogg classes like a few years ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I want you all to take this in like this is not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is this is like, please internalize this moment like, if there's church, this is church right now, like this is your sermon.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is what Brent went through.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: line by line, bullet by bullet, trying every single thing he could to figure things out relentless iteration.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you're hanging your head down because one of your sales strategies didn't work, look at that fucking list.
Brent Hasse: And and I call myself a not very creative. At least the story I tell myself is, I'm not creative, and that was a hard thing in the beginning of techstars was
Brent Hasse: just try something, you know, they say experiment iterate.
Brent Hasse: What the hell am I? What do you mean like? Give me something to tell me what to do like. No, that's that's on you to figure out. And the best way to do it was really just picking up the phone and calling and trying to get build the the network and trying to learn from it. And each of these have a different life
Brent Hasse: timeline to it. So real estate agents and real estate brokers that was a couple of years of, I'd say, 12 months of you know, false promises, and no one actually moving forward with it. Yeah, Anthony.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah, yeah, I think you were getting to it. I just like wanted to kind of understand how much time you spend on like each of these like
Brent Hasse: So like.
Anthony De Silva: As customer segments.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, it's it's tough. And I, maybe I, I said this in my prior update class, too.
Brent Hasse: It's that meme which I need to include in this that meme of you know you have. You're you're digging to 2 people digging a tunnel one. There's diamonds behind the other. One is just more dirt. There's no telling. There's no X-ray machine to tell you which one of these channels are actually gonna work. So you do, though, if really looking back and
Brent Hasse: internalizing my own thoughts. I know what was working and what wasn't these real estate agents? I probably could have cut that off
Brent Hasse: after several months instead of 10 or 12. But I was telling myself a story of Oh, yeah, they're they're telling me this is working. This should work and not wanting to admit failure. And really, looking at this admitting failure is
Brent Hasse: something that has truly unlocked me as a founder, as a CEO, as husband, as a file like, and it's like failure doesn't matter. And that was something that was so, you know, being very competitive, my whole life failing is not an option. Yeah, failing still isn't an option.
Brent Hasse: but I've removed it as a fear, and that's allowed me to move so much faster. With with all of these things here. So the real estate agents, brokers, yeah, 1012 months. But I just told you the reverse mortgage story. That was a bullet point on all of our investor decks. But did we really dive into it and push it?
Brent Hasse: Clearly not because I spent 2 days on it, and very clearly and quickly learned that was not going to be something. So and again a lot of these came from mentors and and talking through it, and you just take everything with a grain of salt.
Brent Hasse: We got another question.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, did you?
Ankur Toshniwal: What did you make revenue from any of them, and then cut it off afterwards, like, what was the revenue line. And when you, after you made revenue.
Ankur Toshniwal: what told you that, hey? Actually, even though I'm make making some money from this like this isn't gonna work.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, great, great question, and I'll get into that a couple of slides, and the this next one here, the door to door. So we made. Some flyers went to a you know, a rich area in town
Brent Hasse: myself. My dad went through, put them on the the door hangers within the 1st day we got 2 phone calls and one person to sign up again. Boom! This is gonna work. We just rolled this out. We went to like 5 blocks. This is gonna work. We did it for another like 5 weeks 0. So you know, you get some early validation of there. And I think that's where it just comes down to you looking at
Brent Hasse: clear understanding of what your goal is. And for us it was always a mixture of like. We want to get users on boarded and homeowners and data. And then we also want to get revenue coming through. So it's looking at your goals and
Brent Hasse: trying to to really go through it.
Brent Hasse: But forget when it comes up here, there we go! It's coming up next. So being able to go and get people to say, Yes.
Brent Hasse: self gratifying great. Someone wants what I'm building here. But actually getting them to give you money is
Brent Hasse: way more important, even if it's a hundred bucks, 10 bucks a month, a hundred bucks for the year. It's something, and if they're not willing to give you money
Brent Hasse: right now then, there's something that you're not offering enough value, or the value is not aligned or not explained properly. That was the biggest thing that that we were kind of looking at, and so much of it is talking to our customers, both in like the direct consumer, the homeowner side, and then the b 2 b side of if something didn't work out, or if they didn't want to. Just a very transparent hey? I'm a founder. I'm an entrepreneur. I'm trying to get this going.
Brent Hasse: Could we have 10 min? You just tell me, like, why this didn't work out from your end? I'm I'm trying to learn 9 out of 10 times. People talk to you and are very honest with you, and you take it all with a grain of salt, and you kind of adjust your plan. So
Brent Hasse: going back to the experiments, listen to customers. And being able to iterate
Brent Hasse: this, I kind of went back and and worked backwards of like, how we got today, where we're at today. But really those steps to get there.
Brent Hasse: and I do not think we would be where we're at today. If we didn't go through each and every one of these steps, and you're able to learn something on each and every one of these steps from there. So when we so I'll kind of go back to stage one of direct to consumer, I sent an email out to friends and family, saying, Here's what I want to do. The the subscription service. Would anyone be willing to.
Brent Hasse: you know, participate in this? I'm not looking to make money, you know it costs $200 a year. That's my cost. I would love just to pass that along, and I'll handle everything else, so that, you know, we went up to 1520 customers. And then we use that to launch the website.
Brent Hasse: Then we're able to go to real estate agents and realtor groups and saying, Hey, we're gonna try to go and use this for you. How about? Just like a home warranty? You pay for this, and then you give it to your client. Not only do you actually provide something of value, but you're able to stay in touch with that homeowner.
Brent Hasse: And with that we started learning this kind of the the job that we're doing, we're starting to learn almost more around this engagement. We initially thought it was gonna be cost reduction, removing the headache for the homeowner. Peace of mind, all those things that make sense. And we started working with some insurance carriers direct to consumer of having them sell this through them.
Brent Hasse: and that's how we really learn more about insurance. So we wouldn't be. We're at today understanding insurance without that. And then we started looking all right. Well, let's actually try to make the feedback we got. And we've learned that these real estate agents they're not moving forward because they're not making money. They're not making any revenue from this, and it's too far down the line for them to kind of connect those dots same thing with insurance like, All right. Well, how do we make you money?
Brent Hasse: Well, let's try to just white label our whole service, and you could go and sell it, and we would just kind of take a markup and do a rep share off of that. So that's when we 1st are looking at this kind of white label B, 2 B option.
Brent Hasse: We started looking at landlords, and then we got into tech stars here, and we said, All right. Well, what if we try to just do handy service and then get people to upgrade off the subscription. Offer a really low price.
Brent Hasse: All right. Well, maybe we try to offer free, handy service and convert to a subscription.
Brent Hasse: Maybe we do a free subscription and try to do free repairs. We tried so many different ways here, and it was, I'd say, right about here. Where we were offering again. Don't do anything for free. I just told you that a free subscription, and then trying to get people to do repairs.
Brent Hasse: We talked to people after we were at the home, and we'd ask them, Hey, how was your experience? What did you like about it? What could we improve on air all the feedback? Oh, it was so nice to learn about my home! I didn't know where my furnace was. I didn't know this. I didn't know that. Okay, what repairs you want to do? Well, we're just kind of evaluating them now, and you know, nothing was nothing's urgent right now. So we're we'll let you know.
Brent Hasse: We kind of quickly learned that it's really the homeowner Psyche of the risk deferment. It's the same thing as you know your health, where I can eat healthy food, exercise every day, walk everywhere, or I can not be healthy, and my health insurance is going to be significantly more. We've been trying to do this in the Us. For a while of trying to get people to be healthy.
Brent Hasse: or I could just take a pill. It's the classic painkiller vitamin which everyone told us. But, damn it, we're going to be the ones to figure this out. We were right. You're wrong, and I'm going to prove it to you.
Brent Hasse: you know. At the end of the day we were we were definitely wrong. But we came to the conclusion on our own and
Brent Hasse: once we were able to go and really identify that
Brent Hasse: one of our friends, someone, we got through our friends and family. They she signed up. She was a Diy landlord. She lived in the unit in Chicago, and she had 2 rentals underneath her.
Brent Hasse: She turned out to be one of the largest mortgage brokers in Chicago, and she said, Hey, I love your product. It's just, you know, 600 bucks a month is too expensive for me to pay for each one of my clients.
Brent Hasse: I like the portal that you built out. Can I just give them the portal.
Brent Hasse: And then we started really learning and and iterating from there of maybe there's an opportunity here just for a software play which we never would have really gotten to if it wasn't for having that friends and family and trying to go through that. But then we also learned
Brent Hasse: that what would be valuable to her. We were asking her, and she said, Well, it'd be good to know if you know, if they're eligible for a refi, or if they're looking to move, that would be really in critical for me to stay engaged with my customers. So we built out a whole home finance tab which has turned out to be one of our biggest engagement tools from talking to this customer
Brent Hasse: the other piece of the puzzle. Alright, we're building out a software. The value of flat before was we'd have handy people or recommended vendors. We could send to your house
Brent Hasse: for nationwide and someone's in Hawaii. How do we do that? So we started looking. Do we want to create our own marketplace, or just try to dive into the existing and we serve? We had a partnership with Angie. We still have partnership with Yelp, where we are essentially just able to go and aggregate their information, provide to our customers, co-brand it with them. And we no longer need to vet all this stuff ourselves. So we've we learned that the homeowners.
Brent Hasse: they, as long as there's someone vetting these. And there's, you know, crowdsourcing, really with with yelp. They're okay with it. We don't need to be the ones finding every single vendor for them. We've learned we're this Middleware. We're starting to connect some dots and connect people who typically wouldn't, wouldn't work together. And this was kind of part of this iteration that we have and then the other puzzle that we came up with was.
Brent Hasse: or piece of the puzzle was trying to figure out, how do we get this home data? And when we initially went to the home, our home inspector would come around, take the pictures, document, everything.
Brent Hasse: We weren't going to be in these homes. So we tested out doing some virtual assessments. You know, that just took too long. And eventually this was right. When kind of the, you know. Chat Gpt really started coming out, and we started playing around. And we built our own AI model which grabs a home inspection report structures all that data. So we can actually create action items off of that and be able to go and and grab the appliances and get all this information with next to no effort from the homeowner, so
Brent Hasse: kind of go moving backwards as to where we're at today versus where we were.
Brent Hasse: we couldn't have really skipped a step. We could have sped it up by just learning quicker. But I could promise you, if you have a hard time right now with experimenting.
Brent Hasse: It's it's not you. That's how we were, and each and every one of these, you know, this is 12 months. This was 12 months, and all of a sudden the rest of this 18 months. And they just start. You just start learning. It's just like anything. It's a skill set that you're learning, and the only way to get better at it is to simply do it and the failure side I'll come back to again.
Brent Hasse: Just admitting you're wrong, admitting your failed. It's not you weren't wrong. You were just trying to. You're just found a different way. You're trying to find a different way to do it. So it's kind of a mental shift you need to have of just accepting the fact that you don't know the answer and trying to go and find that answer, and the answer will find you eventually from there. And now this is really what we are is a pure b 2 b software play
Brent Hasse: with home service companies, mortgage brokers, and a lot of advertising kind of print media companies where we white label our system.
Brent Hasse: It's all their branding, and we just learned. The job that we're doing is engagement, you know the I can't get Neil to change his Hvac filter. I can't. It's hard for people to go in and do that. But what we can do is get
Brent Hasse: ABC. Plumbing, heating, and cooling in front of Neil once a week with truly value added information, but then also able to grab data from Neil to go and push to them, to make it easy for Neil to maintain his house, and just kind of being able to go and really go through the Jt, Bd. Of figuring out what we're doing.
Brent Hasse: That's what it is. There is future state for us to be able to show Roi and get people and get people to take action. But right now, kind of what we're doing is engagement while we're able to go in and grab data.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I know there's also something to be said about going the extra mile for your early customers, you know. I'm gonna say, Brent, about this story, but, like my heat, went out on Christmas Eve.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I was like, Oh, no, like I need help, and I texted Brent.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and he got this guy to show up at 8 pm. On Christmas Eve
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to come through and like solve my situation. It's Chicago. It was in Chicago. It was so cold.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I just gotta say like, there's something about like going the extra mile and just being there for the the your early, your day ones, and like looking out like I was I was in for life. After that I'll do anything Brent asked me to do. I'll never forget that he did that for me and came through and like I don't know just a quick side note, just like gratitude. On that end. So go the extra mile for your early customers, all of them, of course, but like for those early ones, if you look out for them, they'll never forget it, and they'll be your biggest fans.
Brent Hasse: Yeah. And it's it's doing the non scalable stuff. You know. We knew that we knew you. I couldn't be answering text messages and dispatching people, but it was trying to learn what the behavior of our customers and our vendors were of going going through that. So
Brent Hasse: trying to figure it out. And yeah, now, here is like, like, I said, the white label option, and we just help power our partners business. And we've we've learned kind of where we fit in is in between everything. We aren't service, Titan, which is the the largest. They just Ipo field management tool. So that's where it tells which mechanic to go to which house and invoicing and dispatching and keeping track of data.
Brent Hasse: But we're actually doing an integration with them where we could store some of that into our home history. So then, ABC can go and keep Neil as a customer for life, because all of your home information is all in one spot, and we're create. We're making this for you. To be the
Brent Hasse: expert of everything home.
Brent Hasse: And a a really good validation point we got is a a customer we have out in Denver Ish area. They had a customer call
Brent Hasse: to ask if they could build an adu which is a auxiliary dwelling unit based like a small home in their backyard. And all these people they're plumbing, heating, cooling Hvac and some handiwork.
Brent Hasse: They called them, because and they asked them, why, well, you guys help us with everything else with our home. So we thought you'd be able to at least point us in the right direction. And like, that's what we've learned we do is we make you look like the expert, and it's very easy for you to do so. It's something. Again. We got that customer story by talking with them and and trying to learn how their customers are really interacting with us.
Brent Hasse: So that's kind of it from the
Brent Hasse: product market fit side and being able to go and and iterate. And it. It is tough to
Brent Hasse: know when to stop and stop digging, you know, digging the hole and trying to figure it out.
Brent Hasse: Just gotta keep taking swings and you know, and and know when to stop. So I was gonna pause here on that. And I was gonna kinda go through the fundraising story here of where flat was and and where we're at, and it really mimics the the business and the story with endurance, where.
Brent Hasse: as we switch to b 2 b, let me go back quickly as we switch to b 2 b I had to let go of the longest tenured employee who went through techsars with us.
Brent Hasse: He was my 1st full time hire. He was our operations manager, but we got rid of that portion of the business, so I had to make a really tough decision to be able to go, and you know, let him go. And that's just part of the the journey of being the CEO and the founder is you're gonna have people come and go, and there's really difficult decisions to make.
Brent Hasse: you know, going back to endurance, you know, they brought dogs along because they're sled dogs, and of course people start getting comfortable with the dogs like their friends, and they're becoming like family. But you get to a certain point where they had to have a serious conversation about
Brent Hasse: killing the dogs because they're eating the food. Do you eat the dogs like you're having? And it's these. It was a very real life example of kind of as a founder. These various people that you consider family you didn't make very difficult decisions with, and all you can do is just kind of keep pressing forward. This the only way you could stay alive as a company is. There's 2 reasons, and I I know I told you this when we 1st spoke was.
Brent Hasse: you give up.
Brent Hasse: As long as you're you're doing, you give up, or you run out of money, so as long as those are the 2 things. As long as you keep pushing forward. If you can't give up and you're doing something to not run out of money.
Brent Hasse: Then you're just kind of keep putting yourself in a position to get lucky. So it's there's a lot of ups and downs and same thing with the fundraising side.
Brent Hasse: We came into techstars. Raise a little bit very little bit of money, like a hundred 100 k. Just for us to kind of get, you know, both quit and and do this full time.
Brent Hasse: Throughout techsars we had one of our eirs actually invest in us. We had another commitment from one of our other mentors to, you know, invest with us another one a soft commitment based on raising the the half a million we were at a unique spot when we were at Demo Day. We had a product we had some revenue, you know. Call it.
Brent Hasse: you know, 80 k. Arr. So it's like still small but some revenue. And we had a full time product fully fledged. This is live in the market product.
Brent Hasse: And then we were looking to raise about half a million dollars so we could go and make a couple of strategic hires. But we didn't want to just raise money to raise money. We were trying to be a little different and very strategic as to how we're raising it and why we are raising that amount
Brent Hasse: and you know, got commitments. We got half of it committed. It's like, all right, we're we're cooking here. We're we're ready to go and
Brent Hasse: we get to that point. And all of a sudden you know what? Let's start calling this capital that 250 became 50 backed out, backed out, backed out, hey? Things changed in my personal life. Brother-in-law had an issue. We had to give money to them. So again, there's all these stories in the timing where in our head we almost had our round filled, and we did it. So the people who stayed were the ones who are so committed to us, so we're able to call some of that. But as we went through our journey of fundraising.
Brent Hasse: you know, had great conversations we were raising at.
Brent Hasse: I even forget what what seed around valuation we're trying to get. And
Brent Hasse: we were getting maybe 20% of the meetings from the initial meeting to having the second meeting, which was, which is not great. So we kind of took a step back, kind of looking like, All right. Well, why is this? And we talked to some other mentors
Brent Hasse: in one person throughout.
Brent Hasse: Well, you're raising at a, you know, seed round or sorry you're raising almost at a preseed as far as how much you're asking for a half a million at a seed valuation
Brent Hasse: with seed, traction and seed revenue and seed product. So we didn't fit into this pretty little box of Vc. Money of hey? You have product, your early signs of product market fit. You have a product. You have revenue, and we're going to be raising, you know, I think it's the 20%. So if you're raising 2 million at a 10 million valuation or whatever whatever that is.
Brent Hasse: I said, all right. Well.
Brent Hasse: let me change this. So we went from raising 1 million or sorry half 1 million to raising 1.5. That's the only thing we did we changed. We changed that in our pitch deck. All of a sudden we went from only about 20% go into a second phase meeting to about 70% going to a second phase just because we changed this number. And again, you're going through a financial model. And we kind of realized like, All right. Well, if we get more capital, what would we do with it?
Brent Hasse: But truly the only thing that changed was that we made sense in the Vc's mind in regards to this is you made it easy? Neil could close his ears. We think Vcs are all geniuses, and we think about the Horowitz's and all these really smart people. They're just like us.
Brent Hasse: that's all they are. They're people just like us who have a skill set which is to go and find companies and be able to to raise them and go through that. So I'd say to a certain point, you know, don't be intimidated by you know the venture scale or venture capital because
Brent Hasse: they're just they're just us, and that's their job is to be able to go and find the companies to do it, so I wouldn't. Some are extremely smart. On this call are some of those people, but otherwise they're just like us and trying to go through it. Yeah, Anthony.
Anthony De Silva: Yeah. So when you made that change right, how did you? What was it approaching? Going back to the people that already like said, no like. Did you not go back to them? Would you.
Brent Hasse: No.
Anthony De Silva: New investment.
Brent Hasse: You know, didn't didn't go back to to them. We found this. We're probably we were in the earlier stages of fundraising, and the people who backed out again. It was things unrelated to us, and nothing to do with with us or the product.
Brent Hasse: so they say. It was more external factors, so trying to figure that out. So we just this was like the plan we did. Moving forward.
Brent Hasse: got it, Andrew.
Andrew Fernandes: Did your issue stem more from the amount you were trying to raise, not fitting with what investors want.
Brent Hasse: You froze there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And he froze.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He's he's he's he's like.
Andrew Fernandes: You say we're trying to raise the precede or seed.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Andrew, we lost you there. You might have to restate that.
Andrew Fernandes: Yeah. So
Andrew Fernandes: you guys have trouble from investors around the amount you're trying to raise, or rather the verbiage. And the way you describe that amount. So was it specifically around just the number that you tried to raise or using words like seed and pre-seed that led to problems.
Brent Hasse: But it was the combination of both where they weren't saying the same thing. It was like, you're raising. We're raising this amount. But here's all the the traction, everything we have where it just didn't we? Again, we didn't fit in the box, which also I understood, because they need to have, you know, in their models of a certain amount of equity in these companies. And when they're gonna raise again and valuations and
Brent Hasse: so it was a combination of it just not adding up to them. Which I'll talk about, too, is, you know, is the company Vc backable? Or there are other other ways. You could, you could go in and do this.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, in core.
Ankur Toshniwal: for the for the 1.5 when you finally moved up the number. What was like. What did you say that? What kind of runway did you say that would give you, and what was compelling to them.
Brent Hasse: Great great question. Yeah, I mean, it's 1824 month. Was kind of that, and we are very honest and transparent with them where that was going to get us to profitability. And we, you know, really looking at our business like what that at this phase we are still kind of doing a b 2 b
Brent Hasse: direct to consumer at the end where we're still doing the maintenance. But we're doing on A, b 2 b, and we're going to use a software to get people to sign up for the maintenance, so that the model changed a little bit, too. So we had some optional there. But yeah, 18 to 24 months, I think, is
Brent Hasse: pretty standard from that side.
Brent Hasse: and kind of go in. The next question here of like should we fundraise?
Brent Hasse: We got it. It is very fun, you see, on Linkedin. You talk to all your other entrepreneur friends, and
Brent Hasse: sometimes the Vc, math makes sense. Looking back, we
Brent Hasse: we had probably 80 investment meetings. And of that
Brent Hasse: I want to say 6 or 7 committed. Of the 6 or 7 who committed only 3, actually wrote us a check. We eventually got the full round committed just to have them pull the rug 2 weeks later, because some insure they were strictly insurance focus. We had to say with insurance focus, we didn't want to.
Brent Hasse: That was their reasoning. I just think they, you know, lost conviction in the route, in the distribution of what we were doing. And so we went from not having of
Brent Hasse: being quote funded, you know, halfway funded to be getting pulled down to 50 k. To getting the full commitment over subscription of 1.5 to really get that kind of pulled away because they were gonna be. They were gonna put in 1, 2, and then they had some other people, and they fully backed out.
Brent Hasse: So.
Brent Hasse: looking back. Now I've had a couple of years. Think about it. That is absolutely the correct call for them. I mean this business that we were pitching was not going to work.
Brent Hasse: They did their diligence. They figured out from the consumer angle that it was not gonna work, so that, however, was the best thing to ever happen to us was we had to get extremely lean, and it put us into hyperdrive is to find out what the hell we're doing and what value we have and really figure out what this business is gonna do. Because we we didn't have this money to kind of test around and figure it out, and if we close that round
Brent Hasse: I am still think we would be. We're at today, except I would have. We would have diluted ourselves another 20 and we would have burned through all this cash because they're trying to push us to burn through the cash, to be able to go and test and iterate and learn. And we would probably end up where we're at today, except, you know, without kind of that grits and determination that we really learned on this whole journey here. So
Brent Hasse: I kind of rambled there for a second. But summarize, you know, we basically got told no 70 times of the people who committed to us. Half of them backed out so all that self doubt
Brent Hasse: it was super real. There were times where I'd go on Lake Michigan, there, on, on the walkway.
Brent Hasse: you know, tears in the eyes like, All right. Well, this is over, and then guess what something happens, you know. 2 weeks later a meeting comes through and trying to figure it out so it's just the perseverance that to kind of stick it out and keep pushing and trying to.
Brent Hasse: If you believe in it, just keep pushing.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, Anthony.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Just to just to just to be clear, like what Brent just said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the amount of humility it takes to acknowledge what he just what he just did is immense.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and 80 interactions is on the low end
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of what it takes to get those types of commitments to be clear, double that or more
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for the most part.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I really want you all to take in what he's sharing with you. I don't want you to forget it. This is so important to internalize
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And, by the way, not only is he going through all this himself, but he's giving 1st at every step along the way, helping other people out as he can.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it takes a special kind of person to do that, and all of you have that in you as well.
Anthony De Silva: Brent,
Anthony De Silva: wanted to understand like, what made you decide that you were ready to race? Was there some attraction point, or something that clicked. You were like, Okay, now it's time to raise and then how long did that that process take for you from like start to finish?
Brent Hasse: Perfect segue here. So no it was, we're finishing up with tech stars. We have a decent amount of traction. We have some cool Logos I could throw up behind me. So let's go and raise some money so I could pay myself. You know we could pay ourselves a little more. Hire a team and continue pushing this. I wouldn't say we had, you know, as Neil told you all you know, as far as being able to control your own destiny.
Brent Hasse: We we were not at that stage. Of being able to tell people. No, we are kind of there begging and looking back. Yeah, we are absolutely begging on these calls, like hearing ourselves back, probably trying to get this money. So we can just check off the box saying, like, Hey, we got funded
Brent Hasse: for no other reason than to say we got funded, and to be able to go and and look at that as some sort of self gratification which it is. It's other people believing in you and and giving you the money for it.
Brent Hasse: But we had call in the last several months. Also, this is we've been profitable. q. 4 q. 1 now, and we're on that trajectory where
Brent Hasse: I took some calls from people as a favor to them. Now of these are people who invested with us saying, Hey, this person heard about you? They're in like, you know their Vc. They, wanna, you know, meet with you. It was the greatest call ever for me to tell them like, no like, thank you, but no
Brent Hasse: and they're the ones who follow up with us. Now it's like, Hey, can we? Could we get involved? We love what you're doing, we get involved being the power of saying, no is the greatest thing you could have as a founder be able to get to that profitability. I'm a father of 3 update, Neil. We've got a 4th on the way here, and we are.
Brent Hasse: You know I'm my co-founder, and I can. We're still paying ourselves virtually like next to nothing. So thankfully. I have an amazing wife, that is, you know, fully supportive of this, and we have where she's able to go, and she's is invested in this, as I am truly, from a financial standpoint, I mean, I could go back to corporate America, make lovely 6 figures doing some sort of management job like I was doing.
Brent Hasse: There's not a day I don't wake up just so happy to do what this is that I'm doing today, and so much of that's kind of like some personal work going through. This is getting told no.
Brent Hasse: a billion times. It's almost failing a billion times. And still just getting to this point. Where now it's like starting to become really fun in a game of of trying to see what we're gonna do next. But, Anthony, to to your point. There, I'm sorry. Kind of circle back to it of the process. This was a process. One of our our mentors introduced me to someone kind of pushed me through it.
Brent Hasse: kind of a 6 week sprint. And let me tell you, when you're fundraising, it is a it is 60 to 8 HA week. You need someone else to run your business for you. So that's where you really rely on your co-founder. That's where I told my whole team. Hey? I'm entrusting you to make executive decisions. If it's something super critical, obviously let me know. But I will not be involved in the day to day here for the next 6 weeks and
Brent Hasse: weeks, one and 2 of prospecting the investors and sending out. Find those warm intros where it's like, All right, Neil, you know, Bob, can you send Bob an intro? And then following up with that person to make sure they sent it? And if you don't hear back. That's easily 10 days
Brent Hasse: And I'm a big work, smarter, not harder kind of guy. So I reached out to prop tech founders say, Hey, do you have your investor list from? When you were fundraising I got a couple of them, I was trying to, you know, consolidate it.
Brent Hasse: It doesn't. Every A. Everyone's mind works differently. So they're organized differently. And you need to still research these these people and and
Brent Hasse: find out if they're a good fit for you so as hard as it was for me to really admit. That is maybe a little helpful for me to grab a couple of names. But you need to build out your own prospect list because you need to understand who these people are. It takes time to go through it, and then finding the warm intros and be able to continually push through it. So that's about 2 weeks, and then the weeks 3 and 4
Brent Hasse: is
Brent Hasse: sorry doesn't pop up having those 1st meetings, and a lot of this is switching costs where I'm a big believer in being able to go and stay head down and do what you need to do before you're switching back and forth constantly, and then you all of a sudden, you're just losing time. So that was really helpful of staying focused of the switching costs. So for that 1st meeting, it's the same meeting over and over again. So you. You get in a rhythm.
Brent Hasse: And then at the end of that you go and you have the second second meetings, and then you have those soft commitments. So this is a very rough framework, but has proven to me. And you know, as far as the investor intros, yeah, it's 80 to 100 to 200 intros. Warm outreach as much as you possibly can. That almost
Brent Hasse: guarantees you that they're gonna at least look at it. It didn't guarantee us a meeting, but at least they looked at it. And they kind of go on from there, so I could dive in deeper with this. If anyone has like specific questions but building list yourself
Brent Hasse: and just being able to go and structure everything in your day where this is going to be full time, because it is a lot a lot of work.
Chloe Lannert: Got a question in the chat, so in the end you haven't raised funds apart from techstars until now.
Brent Hasse: We? Yeah, we raised. We raised a little bit. Kind of through that that journey. Some of the people who really believed in us Purdue ventures. So I went to Purdue. They have a venture fund kind of again, a perfect fit from that angle, and then we had a a small angel group, but we've still raised under half a million. My co-founder and I
Brent Hasse: even fully diluted here. We're going to be probably 85%, and we have no plans to raise again until we know that this gas is gasoline on the fire kind of the classic
Brent Hasse: investment thesis from that angle.
Brent Hasse: And we're just you know what? When you sign when you get like a hundred $1,000 contract
Brent Hasse: with 0 dilution. That's it's pretty nice getting using customer money to grow. It's a lot better than getting a hundred $1,000 check with
Brent Hasse: more work than really you expect it. So if you could sell, I'd freaking, sell and with so like again, a ton of your guys businesses, you could run very, very lean. And really.
Brent Hasse: you know, go through it. And and there's some businesses where you need a ton of capital to be able to go forward with it. Ours. We're able to get our burn down very low. So it just really depends on the business.
Chloe Lannert: Antoine, do you wanna ask your follow up.
antoinecarriere: And just to thank you so much, Brent. And, by the way, your your story is so
antoinecarriere: I mean, I'm so happy for you on one end, and it must have been super super hard. And so, thanks for thanks for for sharing, and
antoinecarriere: the so the for it's a follow up to that question around like. So it obviously with the benefit of right side you, there's probably a number of things you do. You would do differently. But the the
antoinecarriere: the way I I kind of I internalize your story is you've actually met a bunch of investors.
antoinecarriere: and you put yourself through kind of a process where you spent a lot of time
antoinecarriere: meeting people getting a lot of rejections which was difficult, but which was also kind of a testing moment for you to kind of and and it certainly built you as a but it feels also that at least I that
antoinecarriere: you you. If it. If you had to do it again, you might not do it exactly like that.
antoinecarriere: And I'm thinking you got a a very good understanding of who the investor, what the investor landscape looks like.
antoinecarriere: what kind of story resonates or doesn't.
antoinecarriere: And and now you're getting calls from people who are kind of dying to. I mean not dying to invest, but who has? Who are like? You? Put yourself in that position? And part of it is you. You're you're profitable, and you're very, very is is the story of your business. But part of it is also the story of your fundraising attempt.
antoinecarriere: And so the question is really kind of
antoinecarriere: how how is best to meet with investors? Is it kind of
antoinecarriere: I? The it looks like you. It was painful, but at least you did it. And
antoinecarriere: is there a better way from your standpoint?
Brent Hasse: No again. Being in Chicago is a little different, too, where there's no, there's limited investors here.
Brent Hasse: but being in Oakland, Sf. Area as as much as in person as as you can.
Brent Hasse: but so much of it is the it sounds so silly, but like your, it's your your network, and there's not a single customer that we have today, or a single dollar we brought in that I could honestly say it's not from someone. It's due to my network that I had meetings with, and a meeting you had 2 years ago, which you thought was meaningless. All of a sudden this person moved companies
Brent Hasse: who now introduced me to this person who used to work over here, and we're getting meetings. So
Brent Hasse: I I wouldn't say any of it. Yeah, I I
Brent Hasse: I would. I I guess, do it again because it it build up a lot of resilience. And that's just more from the personal level here. But if I could come into this with the same resilience that I came out of it with then. Yeah, totally. I wouldn't have wasted time we weren't ready to we we weren't.
Brent Hasse: I'd say, could we have fun? Rose like gotten money in 2020 19, I'm confident enough to say, like, yeah, I think so. And maybe it's flowing a little little easier. But we weren't ready. Every investor who turned us down made the correct choice. I mean really did from a Vc side where our business was. I I think they they made the right choice. So
Brent Hasse: yeah, I mean, and as far as like networking, it's it's just reaching out. It's just all network trying to find those warm interest.
antoinecarriere: So maybe I'm making it super manican as kind of a 2 different paths. One path is, I go to an investor and I say, Hey, I'm not looking to fundraise. I'm looking to kind of understand at what point I should be thinking about fundraising. I want to kind of get on your radar, tell you share, get your thoughts, etc. And that's 1 way of kind of going after them.
antoinecarriere: And there's another one that is in the meeting. You want to have a clear ask, and you want to say, like, I, I'm fundraising. I want a commitment from you, you know.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, and.
antoinecarriere: So
antoinecarriere: a kind of we're getting a lot of different kind of a a view, and I I suspect, kind of a deeper it.
antoinecarriere: It's not the same meeting. Maybe there's a 1st meeting and a second meeting, and a 3rd meeting, etc. But kind of how would you kind of at our at our level, where we are kind of getting out of textile, etcetera.
antoinecarriere: Provided we have the the luxury of not having to fundraise. What would you do? Or, Yeah.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, again. I'll provide my perspective of that. And I've I've been told this from investors, you know, having the
Brent Hasse: having the meeting of, hey? I'm just looking, you know, to get your perspective. I'm looking to get some advice that works great from like a partnership side from an investor side as soon as I meet with you. They're like, I'm making my decision. And kind of once, even though, if you're not investing, I'm I'm really making my decision. So you're kind of blowing your chance right then and there with maybe if you're not quite ready for it. So I would actually hold off on that
Brent Hasse: the other side. If you have someone in your network which there is, I had a mentor of mine. Get me in touch with people who did, you know? Series a investing who I knew we were not going to be a fit with? But it was a way for me to practice, and they? And we went into this, knowing she introduced me, saying, Hey, this is a practice getting those reps absolutely. So you still want to do that. But I I would say again, that's my
Brent Hasse: perspective from feedback, of of being able to do that. So either you come in with the ask of knowing you what you want.
Brent Hasse: or you. You hold off until you are ready for that. Ask. But there is. There's something to be said. Once you raise that seat around talking to Series A, and you know people down the road for those warm intros. But as this early I I don't see the value, and you know, if you're looking to raise the seat around the next 6 months, if you're meeting with them. Now, that's basically your interview.
Brent Hasse: And there's a ton of investors out there. So
Brent Hasse: even if it's not a setup one where you know it's gonna be a test. Just just take swings. I mean it.
Brent Hasse: It doesn't matter.
antoinecarriere: Thank you.
Brent Hasse: Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Any final thoughts or questions. Y'all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they have a lot to process, Brent.
antoinecarriere: Congrats for number 4.
Brent Hasse: Thank you. Yeah.
antoinecarriere: That's a big family. You're you're you're you're reserving, aging
antoinecarriere: the the sureness of the human kind on your, on your own. Thank you for your service to the community.
Brent Hasse: You're welcome. You're welcome. Yeah, that's it, though. 4 is done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anything this group can do to support you.
Brent Hasse: Just kick ass at at Demo Day. Just continue pushing. Just don't
Brent Hasse: give up. I mean, it sounds so simple, and it really takes a lot of interpersonal like reflection. You fail, and all of you are here because you're extremely competitive, and you believe in yourself. So just don't lose that. And just again admitting failures, not not believing yourself or wanting to drive you just kind of keep pushing. And there's 2 simple things just either don't give up or find a way to get money. That's that's it. That's break that's entrepreneurship, and 2.
Ankur Toshniwal: I think.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I gotta say, man like, Oh, sorry! Go ahead. Who's gonna say something.
Ankur Toshniwal: It's it's somewhat rhetorical. But maybe you have a comment. I think the hard thing we're in
Ankur Toshniwal: or the thing we're we're trying to like kind of debate right now, and is we have one
Ankur Toshniwal: group of kind of founders and people who successfully raised and and they're kind of like.
Ankur Toshniwal: Just don't talk to investors until you have everything ready, and like literally tell them to fuck off, and just like wait till you do all of it in 2 weeks.
Ankur Toshniwal: and you have everything ready to go and, like you line it all up and then go do it that way. Then you have another group that's like, Hey, like, start
Ankur Toshniwal: talking to them early, build relationships and do all this stuff right? And and
Ankur Toshniwal: obviously, every founder is going to be different. But I think that's where I think that's where I'm like, I don't fully
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't know exactly what I want to do.
Ankur Toshniwal: Yeah, as as like a as you know, from that perspective. But
Ankur Toshniwal: I don't know if there's even a statistical like
Ankur Toshniwal: one's more successful than the other. It's just personality. They're just how people want to do things. But
Ankur Toshniwal: yeah, that that's I think that's where we're trying to figure things out, because we've heard your story. And we've heard other stories that are
Ankur Toshniwal: just, very, very unique and different paths, and both both can work. So yeah.
Brent Hasse: Yeah, it it just really depends. I mean, in obviously, networking is is the most important thing. I guess it's a
Brent Hasse: a fine line of, you know, giving a pitch before you're ready to give a pitch and just being able to go and start networking with people of that are investors and provide a little bit, you know a little breadcrumb versus like just blabbing it all out and doing your pitch just like a little breadcrumb. Here's here's what we're doing and getting to know them as a person
Brent Hasse: definitely recommend that I would just hold back that business. And I've learned that, too, is like if you hold back your cards. People want to know what you have. I was a horrible at just over explaining, dumping everything, so I was so excited, but the less I'd say the more intrigued people would get, so that could be like a a middle ground for you of
Brent Hasse: the networking side, and truly keep it very personal. Ask them a bunch of questions. And then it's like, Oh, yeah, here's here's what we do. We're we're doing pretty well. Like, yeah, let's grab coffee in a couple of weeks, and then it's so much easier for you to have that second call.
Brent Hasse: just I. Yeah. The if if you pitch, if you talk about your business too much, it's your pitch, and like that's that's it. But
Brent Hasse: hindsight, if you come back to them with wild traction. Then it doesn't really matter. So
Brent Hasse: I was not helpful at all. There, but that's it. Good luck, everybody.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Brent. I'll see you in a couple of weeks, man.
Brent Hasse: Sounds good, good seeing you clay.
antoinecarriere: See you on Thursday.
antoinecarriere: Cool. Thank you.